allow /favicon.ico to be a valid route (#5046)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/young-flies-camp.md

---
'@sveltejs/kit': patch
---

> allow /favicon.ico to be a valid route

Reviewer: Would it be worth it to make it `[breaking]` with an indication that requests are no longer suppressed? `handle` implementations might be surprised.

```suggestion
[breaking] stop suppressing `/favicon.ico` requests, handle them as a valid route
```
